what's up guys it is almost seven
o'clock and I'm about to get ready for
work
I'm gonna make some coffee to bring with
bring with me on the right of work as
you guys now occurring have no car so
I'm getting a ride for my boss Tommy and
I'm gonna make a cup for me and a cup
for Tommy and on the way to work or when
we get to work we'll do a little review
for you say what we think so here's the
coffee again this one happens to be the
chocolate macadamia nut flavor and I'm
gonna use the Keurig you know fall skate
cup thing here two to brew it in so I
can use it you know the Machine and
that's it I'll get back with you once
we're sipping on coffee all right all
right back trying this coffee
tom is my boss boss man tell us what to
do by the way to work on Monday and
we're trying to wait perfect so just
talking about it before
I happen to love it I think it's really
good
it's a flavored coffee like it says
chocolate macadamia nut and I drink it
black so I can't taste the flavor as
much as if it's sweet very thing but I
think it's pretty good
not what do you think not bad it's
pretty good cup of coffee aftertaste
this great taste is awesome
not strong metal power I like it
I definitely get a thumbs up coffee as
far as being super strong we'll see I'll
give you an update later went on the
road that's it right now I got the son
of my eyes that's waking me up all right
guys so what you saw there was my
morning and my original plan was to you
know when we usually stopped for like
lunch you know while we're on route we
just stopped somewhere is that there's a
camp that's uh it's actually pretty
creepy
reminds me of Friday 13th but anyway
it's we were gonna stop there and I was
gonna do like an update and tell you all
about the experience with the coffee and
everything me and Tommy were gonna you
know discuss what was going on but the
workday got really hectic and there's a
lot going on and only forgetting details
and stuff but it was super busy day plus
it was Monday anyway it was a heavy
heavy mail day so I'm just obviously
back home just doing the update myself
Tommy still felt the same way about it
as its initial impressions only he likes
his coffee light and sweet and even
though I put lots of milk in there it
still was kind of dark so you know he
thought it was a great flavor and
everything but uh he's not just
generally into really dark you know bold
coffees so you know it is what it is I
can appreciate all different kinds of
coffee I'm not a huge fan of both coffee
although I do have it every now and then
but I can tell you this coffee was
extremely strong I mean I ain't getting
around it is super strong coffee the one
thing that I noticed and I'm gonna get
gross on here but it really gave me the
runs and I I never go the bathroom and
work I can't stay in that in fact I
don't like go in the bathroom public at
all if I can help it but I was walking
around like a penguin because I was
trying to hold in one and it was not
good not good at all it really just
first off yeah it woke me the eff up and
it worked it definitely works as coffee
it's just a really strong coffee it has
a great flavor I like it a lot but to be
honest I will not drink it again unless
I'm home or know that I'm gonna be home
and around my
own private bathroom because yeah it got
things moving and I mean I was trying to
avoid using the bathroom but you know
like when you start sweating you're just
like I gotta go I gotta go right now or
there's gonna be some problems so I yeah
I take a crap the post office which I
did not want to do but is it weren't the
coffee the coffee was really good it was
it's just really strong if you're not
super into coffee then you're not gonna
like this because it is very very strong
however it fits that that certain niche
for people who like that type of coffee
if you like that type of coffee then
obviously this is a good one to pick up
flavor was great definitely has the
novelty factor I will say that if it
didn't have the label or the company
name which is kind of funny if it just
says regular coffee from the shelf I
probably won't even know about it to be
honest so it's good coffee
but you're really you're kind of just
buying the name really I mean it's just
a novelty of having a good laugh at your
friends or shocking someone at work when
you leave it in the kitchen or whatever
you want to do that's pretty much it
that's just the honest truth of it I do
think of it's great coffee
but there's other great coffee out there
as well it's just this one happens to
have a very cool packaging so anyway I
thought it was great but like I said my
my personal tip to you is if you happen
to pick this stuff up don't go and
drinking it on the way to work or you
know if you're younger don't be drinking
you know I'm on the way to school on the
bus or anywhere else I would want to
stick around the bathroom because it
definitely gets you moving
other than that though I thought it was
really good but anyway that's all that's
my update I thought it was worth it as a
one-time deal for me you may pick it up
and you may love it and buy it every
month I have no idea but for me it was a
novelty and it's it was still pretty
cool and that bag will last me a long
time because I will only drink it when
I'm home now but anyway that's all guys
thanks for watching I appreciate it hope
you enjoy the rescue day
take care